Oh, dear.
They are all about to get married. What are you ashamed of?
Who is going to marry you?
Are you going to go against your grandfather's wishes?
And I'm such a big and beautiful man.
Stand in front of you
You are not moved at all
Crazy you
I ask you what kind of work are you doing now?
I don't have a job.
Just waiting to marry you
Then be your Wu family's door-to-door son-in-law
Take care of you all day
You said you, a big man, want to be a door-to-door son-in-law
Why are you so embarrassed?
Isn't there you?
Five daughters
In the future, you are outside and I am inside
Don't worry.
I am the kitchen below the hall
What are you talking about?
What is the matter with you
Let's talk about the wedding later
Who is Wu Ma?
Miss is Hu Yue, the young master of the Hu family
Why is it him again?
Let him go
I'd like to see what kind of young master of the Hu family is
Freedom
Who the hell are you?